After the death of the king, everyone wanted to be a king.
War does not bring anything good to the common people.
If opportunity does not knock, build a door.
Please take your dog, Cali, out for a walk. He really needs some exercise!
What a beautiful day it is on the beach, here in beautiful and sunny Hawaii.
Rex Quinfrey, a renowned scientist, created plans for an invisibility machine.
Do you know why all those chemicals are so hazardous to the environment?
You never did tell me how many copper pennies where in that jar; how come?
Max Joykner sneakily drove his car around every corner looking for his dog.
The two boys collected twigs outside, for over an hour, in the freezing cold!
When do you think they will get back from their adventure in Cairo, Egypt?
Trixie and Veronica, our two cats, just love to play with their pink ball of yarn.
There are so many places to go in Europe for a vacation, for examples Paris, Rome, Prague, etc.
Those diamonds and rubies will make a beautiful piece of jewelry.
In order to keep up at that pace, Zack Squeve would have to work all night.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Caught between a rock and a hard place.
Closing the barn door after the horse escapes.
Do I look like a turnip that just fell off the turnip truck?
Do not count your chickens before they hatch.
We climbed to the top of the mountain in just under two hours; is not that great?
Hector quizzed Mr. Vexife for two hours, but he was unable to get any information.
I have three things to do today: wash my car, call my mother, and feed my dog.
Xavier Puvre counted eighty large boxes and sixteen small boxes stacked outside.
The Reckson family decided to go to an amusement park on Wednesday.
That herd of bison seems to be moving quickly; does that seem normal to you?
Do not make a mountain out of a molehill.
Friends are flowers in the garden of life.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
Just staying one day ahead of yesterday.
Lie down with dogs and wake up with fleas.
The sharper the berry, the sweeter the wine.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
When I have built up my savings, I will be able to travel to Mexico.
Would not it be lovely to enjoy a week soaking up the culture?
The plots failed because of some trusted friends of the king.
The stronger the breeze the stronger the trees.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.
We will cross that bridge when we come to it.
You can lead a horse to water but you can not make him drink.
You can not teach an old dog new tricks.
All work and no play robs one of some fun in life.
Your car is out of date as soon as it is paid for.
Mary and Samantha arrived at the bus station early but waited until noon for the bus.
Joe waited for the train, but the train was late.
After they left on the bus, Axel and Jack realized that Adele was waiting at the train station.
If you want to hear how the word is said, we can assist with that too.
Did you know that, along with gorgeous architecture, it is home to the largest tamale?
Of all the places to travel, Mexico is at the top of my list.
I will be able to travel to England. Oh, how I would love to go!
